DOC-5353: Added content to the Observability section (#1344)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/deploying-operating/observability/k8-probes.md

---
date: '2023-05-10'
title: "Kubernetes Liveness and Readiness Probes"
menu:
  corda5:
    parent: corda5-cluster-observability
    identifier: corda5-cluster-k8-probes
    weight: 1000
section_menu: corda5
---

All the Corda worker pods are configured with Kubernetes liveness and readiness probes.

> These are polling the status of the worker’s internal component’s registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These poll the status of the worker’s internal component’s registry.
```

Author: updated

> These are polling the status of the worker’s internal component’s registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These poll the status of the worker’s internal component’s registry.
```

> If any of the components report that it is in an error state, the liveness probe will fail and Kubernetes will eventually restart the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the components report that it is in an error state, the liveness probe fails and Kubernetes eventually restarts the pod.
```

During normal operation, pods should not cause failures of the liveness probe and the Cluster Operator should monitor for failures
in the Kubernetes events stream.

> The readiness probe will fail if any of the Corda components report that they are down.

Author: updated
